I got my good friend and partner Santiago here. Yeah, I'm really excited for this because I know the value he's going to share and his journey, the path he has walked. And of course, very proud too and just a good friend and a great guy. So for this Q&A, what I suggest, guys, is prepare good questions for Santiago. He's done well for 80 million with his grand happy flops. In a second, I'll let him introduce himself also. I think it's nice for all you guys to dive into a bit of his journey and you can ask about his journey and what were some of the things he has faced, how he had overcome it, how he has scaled to this level right now. So, yes, Santiago, maybe you can introduce yourself a bit more. Yes, absolutely, brother. Thank you so much for the short and great introduction. My name is Santiago Talavera. For the guys that don't know me yet, I'm the founder of Happy Flops, a brand that has been spoken about quite a bit in Europe, mostly in Scandinavia. We are a slipper brand, a footwear brand. But also Samuel taught me that we are also a fashion brand. So that's something that we are stepping into way more now this couple of months. And, yeah, we had a great story behind because we growth a lot, almost too fast. So we reached almost, I would say now, approximately 2 million customers only in like two, three years. And I wouldn't recommend that for everybody, you know, to grow that fast. But, of course, we have a lot of lessons and a great story to tell and a great method on how to work so that, you know, we will share today with you guys. And I think the best sharing is not from my point of view. The best sharing will always be from your questions. It means from your point of view. So here we are today to answer you guys all the doubts, all the curiosity. Be as curious as you wish because today we really want to celebrate this community and the growth of us as entrepreneurs with this kind of meeting. So I'm very happy to and very, very excited. That's about me. Thank you, Santiago. It's going to be sick. So let's dive in. Like Santiago said, be curious, get your questions ready because, yeah, it's not every day that you have the chance to get value from a man like this straight here. Yeah, directly. So first one, Tom. Yeah. Hey, guys. It's Santiago. Nice to meet you. Hey, Samuel. Hope you're doing good. And my question was, how did you turn, like I would say, a boring product, even like a boring product to like a very cool product and like create hype around your product? Because I've heard like Ormosi, like Alex Ormosi say that branding is around like taking something like your product to something cool to make it like connected with something cool. That's how you create branding. And I wanted to ask you like how did you create like a cool brand based on like, I would say, a boring product. Yeah, super good question. So first of all, I believe we can be way cooler, by the way. So I think that we are stepping into a really cool status soon. But I think your question really turns into how people got a lot of attention to this, right? And for me, and I think that it's not a secret for us, what was the biggest needle mover was to focus on creators and influencers. That is what I think we did different than anyone else. What means that the people, the ambassadors made our brand cool, made our brand interest, made our brand credibility. So our strange, and I would recommend this to anyone, if you focus on, not on the product, but on creating credibility by authority, authorised people, then that is what will make you stand out a lot. Especially in this world where we live in, you know, influenced by influencers, by social media. That's what made us stand out extremely a lot. Okay, amazing. Thank you. I will let the other guys. Yeah, thank you. Absolutely. Pablo. Hey, what's up? So I don't know any backstory about your brand, so I wanted to know, did you start with, like, dropshipping with an already existing product or did you already have, like, a design and some production? No. Also, very good question. I am purely dropshippers. When I met Samuel, I was, like, a young kid just trying to make some money, as every one of us, I think. Yeah. I was selling this slipper already in a general store. I was selling in this general store 180 products. It was toys, it was products for pets, it was, like, electrical products, it was everything, everything. It was chaotic. But, it was trendy products and one day, this, you know, we found this slipper that was already selling in all the other general stores as well. And, we launched it and this fucking slipper just kept selling. Every product in this general store had, like, an average lifetime value of, like, two months maximum. This slipper was selling for 12 months straight, steady, steady, steady, steady, steady. And then I told my partner back then, hey, Emmanuel, because his name was Emmanuel, like, we should do a rant about this. And he said, hey, Santi, this is crazy because we already sold this for 12 months and all, you see, all the other stores are also selling this. This is completely saturated. And this is a good lesson that I would like to share. A lot of people think that saturation is bad. I would say saturation is king because saturation without a dominated name is a huge opportunity. That's what's happened to me. I saw all these people selling this slipper, right? But nobody was branding it. Nobody was taking it serious. So I took the decision to do it without the faith of my ex-partner back then. I did it myself with my wife. So I did it and it turned out really good. It went like this good because I took a product that already had a great demand. Obviously a great demand because it was selling a lot already. I put it and I added a name and then I added ambassadors around it and then what happened? I became the original one. I became the original slipper and everyone thought that Happy Flops was the original suddenly. But it wasn't that. I was not the first one. I was just the first one who thought and had the faith to make something serious about this. Okay, great story. Sandy, when did you see, when did you get that feeling of this can be something and why? This is a great question because nothing is coincidental. I will tell you maybe things that I think I didn't tell anybody because nobody asked me this question. The truth is, I got the faith and the vision after I saw a YouTube video from a guy named Davey Pugarty. I think that you guys know this guy and he was selling these fucking hoodies, right? And I got to know his story and the story was that he was selling this hoodie, just one color hoodies, but it was long hoodies, it's kind of special hoodies. And then what he did, he put some designs into it, fucking Disney, cartoons, pizza, avocado, I don't know. And then I thought, oh my God, I could do the same with the slippers. And I already knew that this was a hundred million dollar company. So it was not that I'm a genius, it was just that I'm so fucking curious and I was learning a lot. I was watching YouTube all the time from people that were doing most. That's also how I found Samuel. So I was, you know, me, I see myself as a spoon, like Swampop, you know, he's absorbing water, I was absorbing inspiration and information. So when I, when I saw the data on the slippers and then I connected the hoodie, I was like, I have a billion dollar company. That's, that was it actually. Yeah, crazy. Yeah. Yeah, go ahead, Santi. Yeah, yeah, I just want to add that, you know, we've been around now for like three years, four years, but we, I haven't put it these designs yet. I have put it some designs that like, for example, pizza and avocado. I basically copied the hoodie, but actually this year, we will also launch the first licensing with Snoopy. We already have Harry Potter, Coca-Cola, we have Warner Brothers, Batman, Superman, all of these things, which in my head, I saw five years ago. It was exactly five years ago when I saw this in my head. And only now it's happening. And it's, and this negotiation is taking, you know, a very long time because, you know, these big companies, they want to know a lot about you before they approve everything. But yeah, I just wanted to share that as well because that's a funny fact. Made it reality, from ID to reality, the best. Yeah, yes, exactly, exactly. Okay, Pablo, did it answer your question? Yeah, yeah, thank you. I just, I think we can get a big advice out of this, of getting a product that's accelerated and making a name out of it. That's, I think, something we can all get out of this. Perfect. Thank you. Okay, Adam. So, I've got six questions written down. Is that okay if I ask all of them? Well, let's start with one first and then we see. Yeah, so, I like the curiosity. Yeah, I'm new, I want to learn. Yeah, of course, let's go. So, the first question is kind of basic, but I think it's really good. So, what was your mindset when you were starting the business? You know, I'm beginning with my journey and it's super important for me to have a good mindset, you know. So, before you mentioned that you had loads of products, so, how did you look at the products of the flops or the flip flops, whatever they're called? How did you look at them and what was your thoughts on how are you going to scale this product to such high numbers and such a big brand? look guys, I think something very important here is you never know what's going to happen. So, I never knew, you know, like I wasn't analyzing this will happen and then this will happen next and then I will scale this. everything starts with what you were saying in the beginning with a mindset. So, my mindset was just I'm a guy that I love to take risks. So, for me, there is a quote that stands where identity with myself and it's that I will get rich or die trying. I think 50 cents says that but it's not that I'm a fan of 50 cents but I think that my identity back then was really that. It was like I will do anything to make it, you know, and when you have this in your mind, then you take some decisions that are different. So, for example, in this case, I took the decision that I could believe that Happy Flows could be like the hoodie. A hundred million dollar company, right? So, I took that decision and I went away from the general store which a lot of people, only that decision is already hard because people like to make money with the general store and they get comfortable but then to believe in something bigger, that's the hard part. So, for me, it was taking those decisions because I really, truly believed in the next level and then how I scaled it, as I said, I never knew this was going to scale. I didn't have a perfect plan but I, you know, I was searching for the formula how to scale and, for example, Samuel was basically one of the answers. I was searching, searching, searching. I found Samuel, you know, all of my partners was like, yeah, you cannot buy this course. Bro, even in my DMs, I get every day, should I buy Samuel's course, Santiago, should I buy, so people are doubting, this is normal. I didn't doubt, I just go for it and this is what made me scale because I got the formula from Samuel and then every month and every quarter and every year, it's the same. You know, you gotta have some balls, some cojones to make decisions that will make you scale and make you need to do different things, not always the same, the same, the same, the same, because that's like the equal results of everyone else. I hope I could answer your question a bit. Yeah, so just be super hungry for success, believe in it and just take the risk. And not be scared to fail. Yeah, fail, bro, fail quick. Yeah, fail quick, fail fast and you move fast, you know, because we're all gonna fail, guys. There is nobody that will not fail and fail is not even a fucking word. It's just a lesson, you know, you should switch the fail world to lesson. Every time you do something that doesn't work exactly like you thought, then it's a lesson. Then you move forward, but you need to do it fast. Because in this world, in business, you know, this happens like this. You will be out competed if you are not fast. That's a good vision on failing in overall. That's a good answer actually. So is it fine if I ask other five questions? I'm gonna try to be quick. One more because there are a lot of guys their hands up. So can I ask a question for both of you actually? What is the number one mistake you did at the beginning of your journey when you just started with e-camp? I would love to say something that I think could relate to you guys a lot. And that is in the beginning I saw a pattern in myself, in my partner, in all other dropshippers and that is that we take decisions based on our own ideas of consumer like a consumer. Like, right, for example, I think this is what we were saying before. It was like, I think this product will sell because I would love this. I really would like this. Or we found another product and I was saying I never, I would never use this product. I think this is shit, right? And I always was wrong. Always the product that I thought was going not to sell, it was fucking selling. And the product that I thought was going to sell, it was not selling. So what does it mean? This applies also to our marketing strategies. This applies also to everything we do in e-commerce. Never take decisions on your own assumptions because a lot of times you are not even the consumer. We all have brands in cosmetics, in fashion, for women, in shoes. So who is the one who you should take assumptions from? It's the customer, 100% the customer. And that was the number one mistake that I did and I know a lot of people do in the dropshipping space, in the e-commerce space. We take decisions from our own assumptions when it doesn't make any fucking sense because we are not the consumer ourselves. in my case, I am the consumer actually. And also in Samuel's case, I think he is. But now in general speaking, you need to take decisions based on the data, based on your customer. And that's the number one mistake I would change from the beginning because that would make us grow way faster. That's good. I'll add mine quick. Two, actually. So the first one for sure is when I started I was really, I come from nothing, you know, so I was just really searching for something that worked. And as soon as I found something that worked and I was making a bit of money from that, instead of making it the best it could be, I just accepted that it was doing good. And I see this often more with clients. They find something that works and they just lean on that instead of trying to innovate and looking for the next big thing. And I had the craziest return on adspans like Roasis, but there were many platforms I didn't even look into where I could have marketed back then, you know? So that was for sure, when I look back at mistakes, I was blessed with the craziest opportunity. In the end, of course, turned it into the sickest stuff ever with Icon, but Icon could have been well over 100 million a year already if back then I would have seen that, you know, but you're young and immature also. So that, on top of that, many of you guys, otherwise you wouldn't be here, have not made that mistake, but I waited way too long with investing in mentors or coaching or courses, way too long. I was too skeptical, you know, where I come from small town, like you wouldn't believe in people, you know, so, and as soon as I started investing in myself, I blew up, so that is what I would say. So also for you guys, like you're here with us now in Millionaire Commerce, we facilitate you guys to go to the top, you know, like it's not just going from zero to 5k, a day, 10k a day, your first million dollar month, no, we want to help you guys even beyond, you know, also now Santiago also became a part of Millionaire Commerce, so you guys can be coached one-on-one by your Santiago with your brand, if your brand is at that level, you know, so keep also thinking bigger when it comes to that, there are higher levels and I want you to grow to a point that even Millionaire Commerce is too small because you are going to a billion dollar company, you know, keep thinking bigger, so that's what I would say, Adam, so I hope that answers Yeah, that's a good answer. Let me go to a few other guys and later time I come back to you, okay? Okay, that's fine. Okay, Mr. Ant-Am, what's up? Ant-Man. Ant-Man, Ant-Man. How's it going, guys? How's it going? How's it going, Samuel and Ryan? Good to see you guys again. Good to see you. I first want to start by showing some gratitude to you guys. The call last week and the call this week are so extremely powerful. I don't believe anyone is getting this much value anywhere in any other community. It's insane. It's insane. And I know that there's many more to come as well. So yeah, thank you for that, you guys. And yeah, it's good to meet you, Santiago. I firstly wanted to ask quickly, how did you manage to balance your work life and family life? Because I know you've got a beautiful family. I follow you on Instagram. You're a believer of God. How did you balance between the two? Wow, such an emotional question, brother. Thank you. And nice to get to know you. So there is a truth here, right? And that it doesn't exist, the balance in my life, unfortunately. The balance is within, I think. What does it mean? So there is no practical balance. So for example, there is no 50-50, 50-50 work and 50-50 family, but internally balance means I know when I need to be present at home. I know when I need to be there for my daughters or for my spouse. And we need to understand where are we needed and when and choose those times regardless. For example, for me, it's weekends, right? Weekends, if you try to contact me on weekends, good luck because you will not succeed. Almost not even my partners. You can ask my partners, like, they hate me on weekends, but it's because I value my family, I value my daughters and that's why that is the situation. So that's the number one. And the second is and I think this could relate to a lot of you young men is you have to choose a woman that is aligned with who you are becoming and where you are going. That's probably even more important because my life wouldn't be possible if I wouldn't have a woman that understands the life, the lifestyle and the life and the people we choose to become, right, together, because it's not only me, it's everyone, it's my kids, my wife, everyone. So I think that choosing the right person to build things with is extremely important. And how can you notice that? It's if you are with a girl, for example, that is picking on you, making you feel bad all the time because you're not with her or you're not there or you're not, that means that you're with a person that completely does not understand who you are becoming, right? But a woman that pushes you more, hey, let's go more, let's go harder, let's do this and this and understands you and adapts to the situation, that's extremely hard to find and that's what helped me in my entrepreneurial life to grow in both ways, like a family man and also like a businessman. Blessed, absolutely blessed, well congratulations on your family, definitely, it's lovely to see, it's awesome to see and congratulations on all the millions you're making as well, I mean, that's just another addition to everything. Yeah, and the other question I have is obviously everyone in the school is in e-com, everyone goes through hardships, we're all going through shit times constantly, like putting out fires constantly, like Michael said the other day, yeah, how, what was the worst time that you went through, like if you're okay with mentioning, like when did you say, how am I going to get out of this, is it even possible? Obviously, Samuel also had a last year, went through all this. Yeah, yeah, brother, so yeah, I can share something very personal, actually, that nobody knows, and two years ago, I was really close to lose it all, I lost it all, basically, I lost my family, almost my wife back then, the business, everything just went to the shit, everything, and the reason it did, it was because I disconnected with the thing that got me there in the beginning, which was God, you know, when I was just starting out, I was going out from my home and I was praying to him and I was saying, God, use me today, that's it, I'm your tool, I'm here to serve you, I'm here to serve the world, and that helped me have a mindset of serving, serving people, serving the world, not like removing ego from everything because that I think is the worst part, to build, try to build things based on your ego, based on your hungry for money, based on this, doesn't work, so he took me there, he took me to a beautiful place, I built Happy Flops to a very big company and then what happened, the devil came in, I started to earn so much money that I didn't know what to do with, I was taking bad decisions, you know, it was bad things and I think that's very normal to people that never been rich before and there is two decisions in this life when that happens, you either go to the fuck up way and you keep going that road, right, or you learn from it when you're starting to get the consequences and I was starting to get the consequences, as I said, I almost lost the whole business, almost lost my wife, my kids, everything, but when that happened, when I reached rock bottom, I understood that God can remove everything in one second because you don't respect him, because you don't, you know, value him, so that's what happened and now today I'm saying to him, look, I love you, I respect you and I will not fuck up again and if I do, remove everything again because then I didn't learn, so that's my mindset around how to go through hardships and I think for me that's the mindset, you know, you need to be humble, humble is number one thing that I want to be in life, if somebody talks about me, I want people to say this guy is a humble guy because I think that's a formula to a huge success. Definitely, wow man, really inspirational, I mean, you seem like a really genuine man, I'm so glad I met you and just again, congratulations on everything and you're awesome, keep going for sure. Thank you so much man, thank you so much. Jasmine. Hi, thank you for taking the call, I just had like a question about like hiring, hiring, what were your top five hires, like your first five hires and why do you feel like they helped you to get to where you are now and like what would you say are like one or two of the first hires that you employed that really made a difference to where you are now? Very good, very good questions. Hire is one of the things that I think the most people struggle with and especially when you're growing and I think one of the reasons people get stuck is because you are stuck most of the times because you're not resolving a problem in your company because you cannot do it yourself. You need to do, somebody needs to do it, somebody that has expertise within the field that you're lacking. So I say that every year a company has a specific gap like a hole that is stopping you from reaching the next level and that hole needs to be filled with a specific person with a specific skill and it's very, first of all, a lot of people doesn't even know the gap. People just move, without identifying this gap, what it is. It's not a lot of gaps. As you said, for example, what is the five hires? I made five great hires in the period of five years. So for me, every year I focus on hire a specific person that will, you know, change my business significantly, a lot. And one of those, for example, was in the beginning was content. In the beginning, you know, you try to do with agencies, even email marketing or media buying content in this case, for us, it's extremely important. When you hit a certain level with your business, you cannot outsource content because outsourcing with an agency means that they are focusing on 100 clients and that means that the content will not match your growth anymore. It comes to a point where it doesn't make any sense. And for me, one of the most important hires was that. I actually acquired a content agency to me. So I make them leave their whole business to join my business. And that was a huge move. And I heard about this. some of the big guys in the space also did this. So I went for it. I was like, okay, these guys, they have personal goals. Everyone has personal goals. So I tried to identify their personal goals and they weren't achieving them with their agency. So I tried to match them with the happy flops in this case. And I built a vision with them how they could achieve their personal goals through working with me instead. And this is what I do always with all the hires. In the beginning, it was content. Later, it was branding, product development. I always focus on the person, on the people. Never try just to feel a skill. You know, like, oh, we're lacking this skill and I feel, no, I know that what we're lacking. I attract the person by being a good leader. And being a good leader means you need to understand the personal needs of the people. And that's how I got not only the best talent, but also loyal talents that are very loyal to me. Okay, thank you so much. So what would you say, like, is the, in terms of, content, for example, like, would you say that, like, making content that, look, like, when you see it, you know it's your brand, like, it's you. That is the main thing to kind of keep people coming, keep customers coming? Content means, good content means, that the people that are producing your content knows the in and outs, they know everything about your customer's avatar. Every company has at least three customer avatars. So for example, if you sell, I sell slippers, let's speak about me. So people buy me for three reasons. One, ergonomic issues, because they got pain relief from my shoes. This is one customer avatar. The second is a vacation. People buy me purely because they want to travel like here in Marbella and they need my shoes. And third, they want to relax at home. So this is the three customer avatars. And the people that are producing your content need to know everything about these three people. what they suffer from, how they think, what they eat, how they sleep, how they drink water. And this is good content. So if they know everything about these customers' avatars, that equals amazing content. That is what is amazing content. When it's connected to the purpose of the message to the audience. Thank you so much. Thank you. That's all my questions. Thank you. Great. Florian. Thank you. I hope you're well, Santiago. Santiago, speaking on content, from what I've seen, you've been really successful with influencer and UGC marketing as well. We've also all seen the success of Comfort with thousands of creators and a lower scale, maybe less quality, if you want to put it that way, but just on really high, high scale. I feel like, from what I've heard, you focus more on quality, also with decent skills, of course, but really more on quality. What would you recommend brands that are more transitioning into becoming more of a real brand? What would you recommend to focus on, either more of a smaller scale and pure quality, or to focus more on quantity? quality. When you talk about quality, about content, can I ask you, what do you mean? What are you referring to? So I understand a bit more of your... Yes, so I mean specifically for the UGC creators and influencers, for example. The quality of them as influencers or the quality of the message of the content? What do you think you mean? Of the UGC creators and the influencers, like, would you recommend people to aim much more on quantity? Yes. The signal is a little bit bad. I don't know if it's from your side or mine, but I will try to answer your question. For me, it's never like, look, in e-commerce, especially when you're scaling, both are extremely important, but to answer your question, I believe strongly that the quality is way more priority than quantity because only with quantity without quality, you might just lose a lot of money on the spending because you might have a lot of volume, but the quality is maybe not there to convert in a profitable way, so then it doesn't matter. So for me, and I think that one of the things that the Comfort is doing very well, Hudson, the founder of it, it's pure quality, you know, he's dedicating his life to the creators that are winning, equal as me. I'm dedicating my whole life to the influencers that are winning. I spend time with them, I go out to dinners with them, I go party with them, I invite them to my home, I get invited to their home, this is a personal, very personal relationships, because why? Because it's quality, and when quality exists, you need to carry that and value that, because it's extremely valuable, and then you increase the volume, the quantity, when you have the quality, then you increase the quantity. Nice, man, that's really valuable, that you invest so much into all of them as well. So, would you then also recommend brands that are, let's say, doing between 100, 300k, would you recommend them to reach out more to already established creators, or would you create more of an affiliate flywheel, such as Comfort has created, and then build it up that way, and then invest much more into quality and growing them in that way? this question would be perfect for Hudson more than me, but I would say that you can go both ways, I think, has specific logic. Look, if you go quality, you're looking for the quality, once you find it, you will get so much value of it, so it's a good alternative, but also if you go quantity, you will go with so many creators that you will find these winners, right? And with these winners, you invest all your time in. This is basically mathematics, is you do as much as you can until you find the people, the influencers, or the creators that are winning, but when you do, don't fucking just act like, oh, great, and then I move on. No, oh, shit, I found this fucking gold, take care of it. Go meet this person, take care of him or her, understand why she or he is good, and then make these people loyal to you. This is what Hudson does, and this is also what I do. Very nice one. I appreciate it. Thank you. I think Jagan, the next one. Hey, can you hear me, guys, yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, cool. Yeah, so first of all, thank you for having this meeting, by the way. It's so nice to see Sam and Santiago here. So, yeah, my question is about some kind of the things said by Florian as well about influencer marketing. So, you just build one of the best products, especially in the boring markets, and then you send out these products to influencers, creators, and stuff, and getting all those contents and videos from them, and where are you actually posting this? Are you just straight away going into meta ads and publishing as ads? And how are you just keep on scaling that? Because this kind of a chain reaction just keeps on going with this, right? So, one goodie to you, all of you guys that are trying influencers, a very, very hard fact here is that you never invest in reels or posts. maybe I wouldn't say never, you should never say never, but we almost never do it. We always invest in stories, because stories is where people want to watch. The people that you look the stories for is the people you really want to see, the people that you really are following, is you looking at their stories. You're not going into their Instagram profile and then you're searching for their photos. You don't do that, not even the reels. Even if reels sometimes get viral, but if you want to convert to purchase it's stories. So, we invest in stories with influencers only, even if they want to sell you reels, posts, and a lot of stuff that doesn't matter for you. Stories is king. And then you also buy, into that you add something, you add the rights to buy the content and then you buy it for two weeks. So, you ask to buy the rights to use the content of the stories for two weeks on your meta ad account. And then you see in these two weeks if this works for you. If it works, you talk to them and extend two more weeks. And that's how you're continuing scaling or killing it. It's like killing an ad or scaling an ad. This is how we work. Okay, cool. And one more last question is about, so, do you run directly from your brand space or is it kind of a whitelisting ad? Both. Yeah, okay, okay. Both, both, both are good. A lot of celebrities or influencers, they don't like the whitelisting. Oh, yeah. But a lot of small creators does. So, the small creators, you try to do whitelisting. This is a huge recommendation to do whitelisting with the creators, but with influencers, if they want to do it, do it. But some of them are a little bit sensitive to that. Okay. Thank you, man. Thank you so much. Thank you, guy. Yes, then I think we have Mark Abu. Yes, thanks. First of all, nice to meet you and very good value so far. Nice seeing you sharing it. Very valuable for everyone, no matter what level you are at this moment. So, that's really nice. First thing. Second thing is also a little bit about the influencers. Two main questions is when did you start using influencers? influencers? And the second question is how did you get the A players within the influencers? So, when I started with influencers in general and then also when I started to work with higher level influencers? Yeah. So, I can directly tell you that we never worked with B players. We worked with the A players straight from the beginning but not because we wanted to or we thought it through. It was an accident. My true story is that one day I saw that my revenue was double from no reason. And we saw our ad spend, we saw everything and it doesn't make sense. So, I started to call my customers from Shopify and I was asking where did you buy this from? Because, you know, it didn't make sense. And then everyone was pointing at us as an influencer. I play your influencer. He basically sold for 10k without even have any communication with us. So, what happened was that, you know, I took action. I was like, okay, fuck, you sold basically for 10k. All right. I went straight to the country where she was living in. I invited her for a coffee. I said, look, I don't know you. You don't know me. You like my brand. I like you as an influencer. Let's do a collaboration. I paid her and she sold for $60,000 in one day the second time she published our link product. So, what happened was that obviously if this would happen to you or to anybody else, you would be crazy. You would be like, what the fuck? What have we discovered? $60,000 in one day. You know, that's huge. So, that's how we discovered the influencer marketing and that's how we went very deep into it. And then we got into a curve of fake knowledge because we thought we understood it in the beginning. But the first one was just luck. So, we just went straight to the influencers and we lost a lot of money because influencers doesn't work. Like, yeah, you just could invest in people randomly, of course. But we didn't know that. So, we learned it by basically a lot of failure after this influencer. When we started to invest basically all of our money, tried to find this again. And we didn't, but then of the time, of the time, of the time, we did. Now, today, we have over 20 very high performing influencers in our portfolio that stands for like 80% of this 80 million. So, but we also invested in 200. So, 20 from 200 is 10%. But with this 10% today, we know how to find, we know what to look for, we have a solid strategy. So, that's what happened. So, we never worked with small ones. We always worked with A players from the start by accident. But you did take action to review the data instead of like, oh, it's a nice day. Yeah, no, no, no. We are data-driven in every aspect. We know, for example, if you want to launch in France, I know exactly which influencers, how you should evaluate them. And it's not the way that people teach you, like looking at engagement rate or follower likes. No, it's completely different. And we have the answers because we've been very successful with influencers with different brands in a lot of countries. So, we know exactly how we find winning and performers influencers. Nice. Thanks. Thanks for sharing. Absolutely. Yes, Ali. Hello, how are you? Good, how are you? I have a question. I will get back to the introduction, actually, when you said that you scaled so very fast and you don't recommend that to all of us. So, you know, like a lot of people are getting through dropshipping because they think that it's a get-ready rich scheme, right? And as well, like we all want to get the winning product and to scale and then we brand afterwards. So, I wanted to know why did you recommend to not scale so very fast? Because nothing that comes fast is very good. it means bad quality basically. So, what do you do what I mean in my case? So, imagine what happened when we added influencers and then also when I added Samuel's formula. you went from doing 10k a day to almost 100k a day almost within a month. And that's not good because when you are on the stage of 10k a day, you are, it's like you can imagine school, right? In school we have the first grade, second grade, third grade, and every grade has you learn the fundamentals. So, when you're doing 10k a day, you're not prepared logistically to fulfill 100k a day orders. That's what I mean. So, what happened is that when we did this growth very fast, it crashed. Everything crashed and crashing like that is never good. So, I rather recommend people and advise people to do a growth with stability, with intellectual, with, you know, a good management of logistics, a good management of payments, because in the end of the day, Ali, you are serving people, customers. This is what you're earning money from. But if you start to fail in product quality, in delivery time, in everything, then it means you're not serving. You're just trying to sell, right? And that's not what we try to do here. We try to serve. This is what results in money. So, that's what I mean with having a stable growth rather than the growth that I had. Obviously, the good thing with us is that we changed quick as well. We adapted quick. But that's also very hard and it's unnecessary. It's unnecessary. We could have done a growth way more smarter and stable if we knew things that we didn't know. Thank you. Thank you. Tom. Tom. Tom. Muted. So, yeah, man, do you hear me? Yes. Well, of course, first of all, very nice to meet you and very glad to be in this call. and you have already achieved amazing successes in the past. But what I want to know is what are your goals for Happy Flops, both professionally and personally? But more important, how do you define and set your goals every step of the way? Super good question. So, my vision for Happy Flops since day one was to be, to become a billion dollar company. And as I said in the beginning, you know, when I connected the Udi to the Flops, that's when I really, really saw it. And also when I see Crocs, you know, we all know Crocs and Crocs is fucking not comfortable and it's not good looking either. And they are still a billion dollar company. They did four billion last year. So, you know, in the end of the day, it's just a fun thing to know that, damn, man, I could reach this, you know. And so, that has been the vision since day one. And it's beautiful to see that we every year are getting closer to that smell. You know, it's crazy that we are going to work with a billion dollar brands like Coca-Cola, like Harry Potter, like Warner Brothers. it's crazy that our brand is getting noticed in the world globally and then it means it will happen. And that motivates me every fucking day. So, that's the goal for Happy Flows. My personal goal is that the brand has a reputation and that has a human reputation. You know, we don't sell only comfort and colors. What we really want to sell is happiness. And behind all of this e-commerce, behind all of this money and these goals, what I really want to do is to make people happy, you know. And my way to do this is by Happy Flops, is by this brand. So, we need to transmit this in our marketing, in the way we treat people, in the way we treat our customer, in the way we create our marketing and our image of the brand. Because, when I want to be recognized in this business world, I don't want to be recognized by numbers. I want to be recognized by how many people I made happy with the product. This is a true personal goal. And the way, by the way, the way I do the goals is every year, every December, I sit down, I rent a hotel, a really nice hotel, only for myself, for like three days, and I take physical paper and physical pen. And I sit there and I talk to myself, including God, and I say, okay, let's see what we can achieve this year. And I put the goals for the business and I put the goals for myself. and I can guarantee you, almost every year, everything accomplishes. And I don't know how, I don't know if it's the love of attraction, if it is, you know, the love of frequency or whatever it is. I just know it works and this is what I do. And it's worked for me for like 10 years. Very good, bro. Thanks. Brian. Let's move to Brian. Good evening, guys. How are you doing? Good to see you, man. Good. Un placer concierte, Santiago. Felicidades con tu éxito. And I'm pretty sure a lot of people, everyone says you're humble when they talk about you. I wanted to ask you, I'm new on the branding side of e-commerce and could you touch base a bit more on how do you keep kept your competitors at the beginning? You mentioned you started working with influencers. Can you explain a bit more like how did you expand and how did you stand out from the rest? So the question is basically how I differentiate myself from the competitors. Yeah, for example, with dropshipping in general, once you scale a product, people see they take your product and maybe someone with a bigger budget can then out scale you. So, for example, with Icon, someone started working with doing own photoshoots models. Yeah. Yeah. I will tell you in one sentence, if you want to stand out, if you want to go from drop shipping to something more professional, one sentence. Think like a billion dollar company and act like they do. That's it. All right? So, and let that melt in. If you want to stop being a drop shipper, then you need to stop behaving like a drop shipper. Right? If you want to be a standout, you need to think like a big businessman. If you want to be a big businessman, you need to think like a big businessman and you need to act like a big businessman. And that includes a lot of things. It means you need to stop being focused on small and short return. You need to start thinking on the long and big returns. And that means, like you said, for example, you're doing a real photo shoot. You know how many dropshippers does that? Very, very few, right? For us, we invest in the same influencers that Coca-Cola does. Like we are the only dropshipping brand that have the balls to invest in Buzz Smith. I don't know if you're from Netherlands or not, but, you know, big celebrities. This is what the big brands do. So this is also what we do, right? And right now we are making, for example, a huge production in Colombia with crazy ideas, DJs, models, like things that probably only a very big company would do. And that's the answer. You need to act and behave and think like a big company and this is what will make you stand out. And with that being said, you will not be able to do this alone. You need people that can bring this to the table, these ideas, this blood, you know, it will not always come from yourself. You will need to be good at attracting people that can do this together with you, which would be the second answer to this question. Yeah, amazing. I really admire the vision, the big vision that you had in the beginning when you were not having, you were just starting out. so, yeah, props to you. Keep crushing. Muchas gracias, hermano. Yes, let's hear it. Hey, guys, couple more questions. Let's move from a bit quick. Santiago, also busy. Ibrahim. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, everybody. Good afternoon, Samuel. Good to see you again. Good afternoon, Santiago. Thank you for the opportunity. Just got quick questions here about marketing specifically. I understand that you mentioned that when you figure out that this product, it's a good product, it's consistent with demand and everything, you decided to take and scale it by itself and you found the idea of the fruit and was like a good idea to, it's like a good message to sell on it. But did you have different messages or did you stick only to one message and when executing on that message, did you also like use the formula of the top of the funnel, middle of the funnel, like for the people who are unaware versus the people who are aware? In the beginning, yes. In the beginning, we were stuck with one message for our brand, which was, we actually were named Happy Flops Ergonomic Slipper. that was our message for the whole market. Because people, we were selling pain relief angle, because it's a very easy, intangible marketing angle. But what made us a really cool company and big company was that we didn't focus only in these practical messages. we focused on how to make people feel and how to bring happiness to the people. And then when you open that in the marketing agenda, then you will have so many more ideas on how to bring happiness to each family member. avatar. So, I would say that the answer to you is that no, we never stick to one. I think I answered this to one of the girls in the group. We find out the avatars that we have in the world. Why people buy us, right? We identify the reason why they buy us and then we become very good at customizing the message for each avatar, right? So, sometimes a company has three avatars or five avatars, great. Then, each avatar you need to build customized message forward. And this is how we run the whole marketing. Makes sense. Makes sense. I appreciate it. Just one more question before I let you go. So, I'm at a phase right now where we are actually trying to build a marketing team, not only for Facebook, but also for Google and have them all be in the same team. But, of course, some of them will be on the copywriting side, the other will be on the content creating side. How do I prioritize it first? Is it based on where I'm getting my sales the most or based on what's cheapest to advertise in? You mean a meta compared to Google? Pretty much that's what I'm doing right now with my current brand, which I'm running both channels. You know, one channel I'm able to run for cheaper and get more eyeballs, but not necessarily a lot of conversion. And the other channel, no, I will pay even more for higher quality customers and more like retargeting and I will be getting more conversion. Focus on what is working, brother, of course. And always focus on automatic, like, if you're, are you doing this yourself now? So, me and my business partner, and we do have a couple of employees, but we're working on hiring people more and more. And honestly, we're working on adapting AI content and I don't know much about AI content. I know a lot of people are commenting. I see some competition heavily adopting the AI videos. The reason I'm saying AI too, because not only I'm using it for e-commerce, but also we run a local business. That's why we build a marketing team that can share these both things. I would say, focus on what is generating the most, right? And that will create your space and also cash flow so you can take the next step to, for example, the next step might be AI, the next step might be a new hire to delegate to free even more space for you. But you need to be in that space. You don't stress with hire, especially if you're not in the place of hiring. You need to be in a place where it makes sense to delegate and hire, to free up space for yourself and to be able to take a next step to something new or something that you want to try, for example. And of course you need to try. This is what it is about. You need to try everything. This is what Samuel taught me, for example. You need to go all in, multi-channel, multi-present. And this is what also changed my business a lot. But yeah, that's more. For sure, always be hungry. You know, the last question, do you ever use Google ads? Yeah, I told you right now, I'm multi-pressed bro. Every channel that I can put my happy flops in, I use. Where is happy flops not, bro? Like, fuck. Screen. Screen. That's beautiful. That's beautiful. But do you use it to target new customers or just for retargeting, to get the people back who didn't purchase through Meta? What type of strategy are you using? Because it could be, you know, a little bit confusing. Yeah, I think you're overthinking too much. That would be a very technical question for my media buyers. But, you know, I would say both. We are using it for retargeting and we're also using it for top of funnel. But I think every platform has their, you know, strange. I think Google is maybe a little bit more for retargeting because of the search feature. But, you know, you're asking the wrong questions, I think. You should ask more the questions that you asked in the beginning, like things that would make you grow first and once you're growing, you try to optimize the things, right? But not try to optimize first. That makes sense. That makes sense. Appreciate it. appreciate your time, Santiago. Thank you, Sam. And thank you, everybody. Thank you. Can you hear me? Yes, sir. How you doing? How you guys doing? What's up? Yeah. Good, Anthony. Yeah. I just wanted to ask just one question that how do you, there seems to be one of my weaknesses at the moment. How do you fail fast and move fast? Because that's one of the biggest things in this game. I seem to be thinking too much and taking too much time on like product pages. How do you like move fast? Because that's what I want to do. I just want to be able to. That's a so funny question. I will tell you this answer by a story. There was a general in the military space that was the best military in the world, right? He was the recognized military for being the best. He won the most wars in the world and the most respected one. So one time a military went to this general and asked, general, like you're the god of the wars and I just want to ask you, how do you always know how to win the war? How do you always know where we need to fight and where we need to go? And you know what the answer was? He said, the answer is I never know. I just decide. It doesn't matter we need to go right or left. He said, it doesn't matter what is the answer. We just go and if the left was the wrong way, then we find out quicker. And if the right was the right way, then that's great. It doesn't matter what decision. What matters is that the decision needs to be made and you adapt in the way. So in your case, exactly the same thing. Don't think, just do. Just do and do the thinking during the process. this is, I think, the most valuable advice for anyone, I think. Just fucking do. People are trying to overcomplicate things. Yeah. And that's the worst enemy. That's what makes you lagging and stacking and struggling, you know? Yeah. Oh, nice, nice. I've seen your site as well. Happy Flops. I've seen it already. So it's nice, it's nice. I'm trying to find someone who hasn't seen it. that's what I'm looking for. Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, great. Yeah, man, yeah. Thank you, Samuel. Thank you, Samuel. Thank you. Thank you, too. Cheyenne. Yeah, are you here? I cannot hear you. Let's do Lloyd quick and show you later. Lloyd? Yeah, what? Can everyone hear me? Yes. Yes. I hope everyone's good. Yeah, Samuel Santiago was good. My question is simple. It's in terms of competitive marketing, what separates a long-term successful brand from a short-term winning product cycle? Authenticity. That's one word, authenticity. You cannot copy when it is authentic and that's what makes you winning in the long term. You need to be authentic, but to be authentic, you need to find your authenticity first. So, and then maybe that's the hardest part, how to find it. And how to find it is you need to stop looking out and stop looking inside. Okay, and one more thing. In terms of branding, when do you start focusing on lifetime value over aggressive customer acquisition? Now. When we reach one million customers, now I'm thinking about it. No, but, you know, I think the answer, there is no perfect answer. You can, it also depends maybe what product you sell. For example, I have another brand where we have 8,000 subscribers. And we work very more actively with that question because it's a subscription brand. Happy Flops is not a subscription brand. So, it's different needs on different brands. But I would say always the most important thing is first be expert on how to acquire a customer. Once you feel that you become an expert on that and that you have happy customers, then take a look at the question how to make them return. This is the second step. All right, good stuff. I appreciate that. You guys have a good one. Thank you, bro. Thank you. Thank you. Cheyenne, does your mic work? I don't hear you. Maybe rejoin Cheyenne, then I'll let you through. Yes. Before that, I can see your full name S. Yes, I have two questions. The first question is what were the things that you implemented when you're working with Samoel? And the second question is what would you do differently when you start over again? What the second question was that what would I do differently if I would start all over again? All over again, yeah. All right, so to answer the first question, what I implemented when I met Samoel was just he said stop being a pussy and do more. You know, I just listen, I just need more and I just stop being a pussy, basically. And then go a little bit deeper on that? I think from my point of view to add to that is I don't know, I think Anthony just asked the question more like how do you just do things, you know? And I think when Santiago came in, he was already doing good, but he was overthinking things too much and he had certain like maybe limiting belief or blockages, you know, on why like there was a reason why he wasn't doing Google or no, I cannot expand here or I have to wait until then. But, you know, there is nothing is perfect time, perfect moment. I said just do more, you need more, you need to be omnipresent, you need to be on every channel, you need to be in more countries and more creatives and then I think what helped a lot was putting me in touch with a UGC agency and from that moment on, it went really quick. Yeah, exactly. The lesson to learn, I listened, I dared to listen and I dared to act when he said it, basically. Well, the second question, what I would do different if I would start all over again, I would actually try to find a product that is econ-friendly. What that means is that maybe a product with one SQU or a product that doesn't weigh so much, a product that maybe people can subscribe to. This is luxurious situations, solutions. But that's the truth. If I would start all over again, I would choose something like that because to run a business... Don't you say that because I would do the exact same thing. I was imagining the business that me and Samuel is running is fucking difficult. And I don't even know, Samuel's is even more difficult because you have so many products. But I think everything has advantages and disadvantages. But I would start over with a product that would be more econ friendly. To ship, to weight, to subscribe to. Okay. Basically. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Great. Thank you. Let's try Cheyenne. Last question. I think we still cannot hear you. Maybe if it's a short question, you can drop in the chat Cheyenne. Then Santiago. What laptop Cheyenne needs to buy? That's the question. You know, that's the thing more. Just buy a laptop, bro. Cool. Yeah, I think that's it. Very good one, guys. And really, Santiago, thanks. Thanks a lot. I really appreciate you sharing all this with the MC family out here. Thank you, brother. It was a pleasure. True pleasure. I really like the question, guys. and I hope we can do this more. This is fantastic. And I hope I could give you some value today. You gave me a lot of great spirit today, at least, and I will have an amazing night after today. Yeah, guys. Nice, guys. Nice. So, next one will also be, I think, again, with Freddie, because Freddie, of course, the best there. That one was a magnificent call. Spoke with him. He wants to do it more. So, I think within now in three weeks maximum, we'll get to that. Of course, next one is Ruben, so prepare yourself for that one as well. And then, yeah, I don't know if you want to end up. Yeah, I think this one was really nice. I really like the energy and atmosphere also when I'm with Santiago or now in a Q&A like this. Yeah, like you see, he's a very good, humble guy, and I think we should bring this every month for sure. Like, let's do, let's start with one a month, maybe when, because I saw the car was really full, like over a hundred people, so that's crazy. Maybe we need to do two a month, but let's start. Still 80 people hanging. Yeah, how can you drop up? It's so funny. And that's 200 million euros when you're screaming. thank you, thank you all guys. Yeah, keep crushing it and see you later. heard.
